[Use Cases] Add use cases for mounting (#4773)
ElektraInitiative/libelektra: doc/usecases/mount/UC_mount.md

# Use Case: Mount a data source

## Summary

- **Scope:** Mounting
- **Level:** Kite
- **Actors:** Administrators
- **Brief:** The administrators can include configuration data from different data sources into Elektra.
- **Status:** Draft (currently only files are supported)

## Scenarios

- **Precondition:**

  - The administrators have a working installation of Elektra and a tool to access the KDB (key database) on their system.

- **Main success scenario:**

  - The administrators specify a mountpoint in the KDB and an identifier for the data source they want to mount.
    - For file-based data sources, the identifier is usually the path and filename.
  - The data source is successfully mounted into the KDB.

- **Alternative scenario:**

>   - The given data source is not found. (e.g. wrong filename)
>     - Elektra reports the error to the administrators.

Reviewer: There is no need that a mounted config file needs to be present. What is an alternative scenario, though is:
```suggestion
  - There are already keys present at the requested mountpoint.
    - Elektra reports the error to the administrators, unless `--strategy` is used, then keys are merged as requested.
```

Reviewer 2: I'm not sure if this what you meant, but your suggestion sounds like: We tried e.g. `kdb mount foo user:/foo`, but keys below `user:/foo` already existed (without a mountpoint at `user:/foo`). If you meant, there was already a mountpoint at `user:/foo`, I'd put it like this for more clarity:

```suggestion
  - The desired mountpoint already exists with a different configuration.
    - Elektra reports the error to the administrators, unless `--strategy` is used, then keys are merged as requested.
```

  - The given data source is not supported by Elektra. (e.g. wrong file format, syntax errors)

>     - Elektra reports the error to the administrators.

Reviewer: Why isn't this an error scenario?

- **Error scenario:**

  - The opening of the data source failed.

>     - Elektra reports the error to the administrators.

Reviewer: Please describe what "opening of the data source failed" means. I don't think this is done during mounting except for the `--strategy` described by me above.

- **Postconditions:**

  - The newly mounted data source is listed when querying the current mountpoints. (see [Use Case: List all mountpoints](./UC_list_mountpoints.md))
  - The administrators can now work (CRUD) with the configuration data stored in the newly mounted data source using Elektras key-value-based interface. (see other mounting use cases)

- **Non-functional Constraints:**

>   - The mounting of new data sources should not take longer than 5 seconds (reference system has to be defined).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Mounting should be reasonable fast for interactive use.
```
